Update ADOPTERS with links for each project (#845)
kubeflow/community: ADOPTERS.md

# Adopters of Kubeflow

Our adopter files list organizations that have adopted Kubeflow in some way.
Sharing your adoption helps build project momentum, and this benefits everyone.
It's a small contribution with a big impact!

We invite you to add your organization to these lists by raising a pull request on the relevant GitHub repository.

> ## Adopters of Kubeflow Components

Reviewer: Please can we keep the naming consistent as we agreed on architecture diagram: https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/started/architecture/#kubeflow-ecosystem
```suggestion
## Adopters of Kubeflow Projects
```

> For adopters of specific Kubeflow components, please refer to the respective component's repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For adopters of specific Kubeflow projects, please refer to the respective project's repository.
```
